Fix typo (#2418)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-ngs-data-managment/tutorial.md

In primary analysis we start with raw sequencing data (e.g., fastq reads) and convert them into a dataset for secondary analysis. Such dataset can be a list of sequence variants, a collection of ChIP-seq peaks, a list of differentially expressed genes and so on.

> SARS-CoV-2 is undoubtedly the most talked about biological system of the day. We will use SARS-CoV-2 sequencing data to demonstrate how Galaxy handles NGS data. In this case we will be going from fastq data to a list of variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SARS-CoV-2 is undoubtedly the most talked about biological system of the day. We will use SARS-CoV-2 sequencing data to demonstrate how Galaxy handles NGS data. In this case we will go from FASTQ data to a list of variants.
```
